Update Inspector FAQ on in-app inspector "bubble" (#103)
avohq/docs: pages/faqs/faq-inspector.mdx

### What kind of alerts can I set, if any?

You can receive email alerts when new issues are detected. Head to the Issues dashboard on avo.app to configure email alerts.

### When will the "bubble" from the In-App Inspector (aka Avo Debuggers) be visible in my app?

> The "bubble" of the [In-App Inspector (aka Avo Debuggers)](https://www.avo.app/docs/explore-tracking-plan/start-using-visual-debuggers) is visible when Avo is used in a `dev` environment. The details differ between platforms as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "bubble" of the [In-App Inspector (aka Avo Debuggers)](https://www.avo.app/docs/explore-tracking-plan/start-using-visual-debuggers) is visible when Avo is initialized in `dev` mode. The details differ between platforms as follows:
```

> The "bubble" of the [In-App Inspector (aka Avo Debuggers)](https://www.avo.app/docs/explore-tracking-plan/start-using-visual-debuggers) is visible when [the debugger is initialized](https://github.com/avohq/react-native-analytics-debugger) in a `dev` environment. Read more about the 

Reviewer: I think the answer to this question really depends on the platform you are using. We're linking to the standalone react-native debugger there, but afaik the visual debugger has also been embedded into all the Inspector SDKs.

The visual debugger is also made visible on web without any additional dependencies on web if you're running Avo Functions in dev mode.

@alex-tpom6oh could you summarize how you can get the In-App inspector up and running on each platform? Maybe those details can live in this faq, or we could link to more details somewhere else in the docs?

Reviewer 2: There are 2 approaches in bundling the debugger currently.
The old one - when it is bundled with Avo functions and the new one - when it is bundled with Inspector.

The new one is currently available in Android and iOS. In this case the event path is `Avo Function | manual tracking -> Inspector -> Debugger`:
1. iOS - visible if Inspector SDK is included in the project and Inspector is initialized in dev or staging mode. (there is a method to show/hide the visual inspector, can use it in any environment). 
2. Android - visible if the `android-avo-inspector:dev:` gradle dependency is included in the project and Inspector is initialised in dev or staging mode. (there is a method to show/hide the visual inspector, can use it in any environment)
The `android-avo-inspector:prod:` gradle dependency does not have the visual inspector included.

The old one is on Web and React Native. In this case the event path is `Avo Function -> Debugger`:
1. Web - visible on without any additional dependencies on web if you're running Avo Functions in dev mode.
2. React Native - not shown automatically. You need to include `react-native-analytics-debugger` dependency, create instance of the debugger, pass it to initAvo and then call `AvoDebugger.showDebugger({mode: 'bar' // or 'bubble'})` as described here https://github.com/avohq/react-native-analytics-debugger

(Android and iOS also have this mechanism, but I think we should deprecate it and not mention in favour of the Inspector bundle)

Reviewer 2: Not sure how deep into the details should we go here?

> On Android and iOS the bubble will be shown if you unclude the Inspector SDK and initialize it in the `dev` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Android and iOS the bubble will be shown if you include the Inspector SDK and initialize it with the environment parameter set to `dev`.
```

> On Web the bubble will be shown if you are using Avo Functions in the `dev` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Web the bubble will be shown if you are using Avo Functions and the env parameter in `initAvo` is set to `dev`.
```

> On react Native the bubble is not shown automatically. You would have to trigger it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On React Native the bubble is not shown automatically. You will have to trigger it manually.
```

Reviewer: Maybe add a "Learn more about how to control the bubble in React Native" link here?

### If I ship the Inspector SDK to prod, will the In-App Inspector bubble be visible in prod?

> Nope! The "bubble" is only on in `dev`. (More in above answer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nope! The "bubble" is only on when env is set to `dev`. (More in above answer).
```

> Second of all: The "bubble" is only on in `dev`. (More in above answer).

Reviewer: If you set the Inspector SDK to dev mode, the visual debugger will pop up, at least for the platforms that have them baked together.

I feel like we could simplify this answer down to the "second of all" part. We never pop up the bubble if you initialize the Inspector SDK with the env set to `prod`.

Reviewer 2: Needs a little tweak, now Android and iOS Inspector SDKs activate the bubble in all environments except prod.
